As of time of this writing, Saturday November 23rd, 2024, we live in a world where peoples' interpretation of reality is dictated by the media they consume on their phones.  Since that media is algorithmically selected, the majority of people fail to recognize that the interpretation of reality they believe in is only 1 part of the elephant, and thus they fail to be able to grasp how people outside of their world can vote in elections in ways opposed to the world as they see it, not having access to the life environments and media being consumed by other people stationed differently around the elephant.

This leads to a break down in communication, where out of laziness, a majority of average voters attribute dissenting votes from their neighbors as purely attributeable to stupidity, rather than to differences in world views emerging out of different life environments and media consumption.

The intent of this app is to be a place where users can bootleg and archive the media they consume (videos, articles, TikTok, Instagram), and then categorize that media to make a display-board that illustrates what their perspective is and the media and evidence that weaves that perspective.

This intent is in service of several goals:

1. "Stacking Ammo" such that media is readily available to share in the event that a discussion leads to the need for context. (ie. you bring up an article on immigration you've read as you discuss a government policy with a friend, and you need to reference the article to either cite sources, or to reference in conversation so you can show how that piece of media weaves into your overall view on the political landscape)

2. With all of your media categorized in one place, friends can easily see the entire picture of your political views - where you're coming from; what information you used to arrive at your beliefs; and then can either take away new information they didn't have yet in their own picture - or can offer additions to your picture that they believe better rounds out and informs your perspective if they find that your perspective is missing critical pieces of the puzzle.

3. Since the internet is in an age where media can be unpublished (ie. taken down), this app also intends to exist as an archive, such that critical internet media that informs your outlook can be bootlegged and saved, to safe guard the public library of content, preserve it, and protect against memory-holing.
(ie. I discovered my friend was in a Neo Nazi group called National Justice Party.  At the time of this discovery, the party had a website.  But shortly after my discovery, the website mysteriously vanished, making it impossible to demonstrate the evidence of the group's existence later on when telling the story to future friends)

4. The deeper intention of this app is to pump life into and strengthen the ideological middle, and facilitate conversations where politically participant civilians from opposing views can have an easier time saying to one another "I see where you're coming from, and the logic you're describing seems reasonable".  My theory is that this can become a reality by building technological architecture that is specifically designed to incentive and support this type of conversation and behavior.
The current state of media and technology makes profit off of the compulsive participation in tech that is fueled by the rage created by intolerance of opposing views.  Because this is the profit and incentive model most widely participated in by the masses, the politically/ideologically center have no architecture/environment to thrive.
My theory is that because there is no tech architecture for centrist dialogue, there is a starvation in the market for the benefits of strong middle-ground ideology.
And since my desire for this app is for the betterment of society before my own pursuit of an app intended for profit, my intention is to build this app when I can, purely because this is what I want for America.

Potential App Names --

-The Other Side of the Elephant
-Ammo
-Ammo Box
-Ammo Stacking
-Media Picture
-Media Tapestry

Please contact me if you are interested in discussing this app idea, seeing where it is now, or contributing in any way.

adigrazia27@gmail.com